Docs: Motoko docs revisions & restructure (#4494)
dfinity/motoko: doc/md/canister-maintenance/compatibility.md

``` motoko no-repl file=../examples/count-v2.mo
```

## Changing the stable interface

Let's take a look at an example where the counter is refactored from using `Int` to `Nat`.

``` motoko no-repl file=../examples/count-v3.mo
```

Now, the code has been upgraded, but the counter value is back to `0`. The state was lost in an upgrade.

This is because the Candid interface evolved safely​ but the stable types did not.

An upgrade must be able to:

-   Consume any stable variable value from its predecessor, or

-   Run the initializer for a new stable variable.

Since `Int </: Nat`, the upgrade logic discards the saved `Int` and re-runs the initializer instead. The upgrade silently "succeeded", resetting the counter to `0`.

## Stable type signatures

A stable type signature looks similar to the content within a Motoko actor type.

For example, `v2`'s stable types:

``` motoko no-repl file=../examples/count-v2.most
```

An upgrade from `v2` to `v3`'s stable types requires consuming an `Int` as a `Nat`, which is a **type error**.

``` motoko no-repl file=../examples/count-v3.most
```

## Dual interface evolution

> An upgrade is safe provided that the Candid interface evolves to a subtype and the stable interface evolves to a compatible one, such as a variable to supertype or a new type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An upgrade is safe provided that the Candid interface evolves to a subtype and the stable interface evolves to a compatible one: a stable variable must either be newly declared, or re-declared at a super type of its old type.
```
